For example if the enemy is pinging a Rodda to see if it's up or down and a response doesn't come back
they are in a mess doesn't really know whether that device is down.
All it knows is that the response didn't come back.
The device could be down but it could also be a routing problem or an intermediate device could be done
or a device between the end a miss and the router could be down.
So some device along the path could be down all traffic could be blocked by an ACL or a firewall rule
all the enemy knows is that it can't reach the device that it's pinging.
It's an AP On the other hand is different with SMP.
The enemy is acquiring a device and the device is telling the enemy via an MP the state of an interface.
So if a device indicates that interface first Ethan is 0 0 as an example is down.
The enemy knows 100 percent that that information is accurate because it received that information via
its an MP from the device that it was queering.
Now in the event that the actual device is down rather than an interface on the device you'll get an
unknown state.
That's a different type of signifier than if the interface is down on a device that's up and running.
In terms of performance monitoring ICMP or ping is used for availability calculations and latency response
times SMP is used for almost all the other statistics including CPQ memory buffers interface traffic
and errors and many many other statistics.
In some cases for Windows systems the NMSL might leverage WMI or Windows management instrumentation
to check for performance counter-top values.